SlateQ Documentation (#13266)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/rllib-algorithms.rst

   :start-after: __sphinx_doc_begin__
   :end-before: __sphinx_doc_end__

.. _slateq:

SlateQ
-------
|pytorch|
`[paper] <https://storage.googleapis.com/pub-tools-public-publication-data/pdf/9f91de1fa0ac351ecb12e4062a37afb896aa1463.pdf>`__ `[implementation] <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/rllib/agents/slateq/slateq.py>`__

> SlateQ is a model-free RL method that builds on top of DQN generates recommendation slates for recommender systems. Recommendation environments, however, deal with large combinatorial action spaces. SlateQ mitigates this by decomposing the Q-value into single-item Q-values and solves the decomposed objective via mixing integer programming and deep learning optimization. SlateQ is evaluated on Google's RecSim `environment <https://github.com/google-research/recsim>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SlateQ is a model-free RL method that builds on top of DQN and generates recommendation slates for recommender system environments. Since these types of environments come with large combinatorial action spaces, SlateQ mitigates this by decomposing the Q-value into single-item Q-values and solves the decomposed objective via mixing integer programming and deep learning optimization. SlateQ can be evaluated on Google's RecSim `environment <https://github.com/google-research/recsim>`__. `An RLlib wrapper for RecSim can be found here < <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/rllib/env/wrappers/recsim_wrapper.py>`__.
```

> Tuned examples: `Google RecSim <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/rllib/env/wrappers/recsim_wrapper.py>`__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RecSim environment wrapper: `Google RecSim <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/rllib/env/wrappers/recsim_wrapper.py>`__
```
